the hard work here was very mindful when we went kitchen indicated without it is
wrong meadow that by the way
semino explain how it is done
and once we have a good base of vegetables sofrito I do not know if the
Lord caught
rao
we place it together with the sofrito and we add it in this case
0 1 percent effective a little bit of water
if we put water
eva as we say in a zodiac is going to be a soup that we can not take
after
we simply place him laura ed
that fossil my children and my children and executive for a long time
until it's okay to perform
that's why I cooked watching live
he deserved
happens to this subject you put tomato that moment anses to salsa
it would be some
getxo conrado
this for the final preparation has to be fine very well but well the
cold
zp that I had one done
finally here we are going to add a little broth of good beef broth that
have for example because it can be even police that has chickens
simply
so it's more liquid and time to cook the tomato one the big ones
román secrets raúl gil has left quite some time
there is tomato to cook to make important data by luck
the kitchen tomato or the great idol and prostate cancer that is known this
recontra tasted this yes that talked about the world cooking of tail
we go in two hours and stretch the dough for our year
As I tell you, it is very important to let it rest much longer than time
that I have let him rest at this moment
Thus
he told them I have here one that I had previously done and that they already have
resting time
they matter
we have here our trump card
for walking perfectly
what we are going to do is throw it away a bit and then throw it away with the entity machine
until
until you have simply the additionally very fine that you have
the anecdotes in the classic lasagna
as that does not leave roses and flowers with a little ball of these is more than enough
will not be left for later
and we stretch we throw
precious in that container to help the
to the peace machine love but simple to say abusive simply
the rebel tepco was a politician of the inem he stopped gave me serpe well
to why
keep going so
and once we have stretched it in the 100 that lives in the middle of the young man it weighs
only titanic roller
we do it with the classic marathon
front may of turning pac
modifying
remember always because here the Jews are completely separated
the most you can
it is folded in half according to the bea passing and that what is called sugar la
mass that way
if you get it started very well I've been one again in half
doubled its size its use
and come back
By himself
Willful once she has managed to do that
cela watering arias is a little bit a fast the 101 the blume to the xente
clarito because the dough is very cold
we start now yes ap to approach the rollers
what's mine for that is the machine was given away and that candor today we started the
process of stretching that mass we will see here
miret moved the roller even closer
I'll throw again
We wanted the idea is to arrive at 13-17
to be able to make just a lasagna and the benchmark interest rate without
remove
well good hundred
as new
wonderful
we stretch even more a first tiraje have to lower interest rates and
Edit
that mass
we always throw
lower a little the average speed that they are expiring because the more
Wears more neat and breaking
last tour because I'm going to do it
folding it
barack is a bit wider because I need it a little wider
got too narrow
wonderful
We also have thin
we have her
enough
what are we going to do with him now
we have is more here
I just
today shorten a rectangle that has
the size
delta year of cooking with puppets vallanca cooking I already explained to you
what does that mean
up as a team
if this is the cloth
I'm going to cook it here
the size has to be up to here we cut to go
he thinks another and another would come out
the fly every strip this would be a ration
do not place this
for future cases and I show them how we are going to work is a beauty of
recipes
we simply have our most here
or maybe it's my son Roberto but in Chinese
we place our raoux
closed beef is true
technically in two stages of fact I will pay one does not want to be
looking for that
but I do not lose perfect
we have the nail cooking here we have the one that I already have cold here
I put it in 12 thousand
in the entire middle yes
well let's hope to make a gypsy arm very good slow rhythm especially gypsy case
in fact cowen
oxtail
we're here
fill well
to them
since always a little of what I use as it says to the sides thing that can be
paste well after
we are
Chile
on roll as if it were a bullet and also here
mutual and take a sudden
as rolling
as the multilevel offered today an Italian classic fears that you can
tomatoes and that the classic multimedia
finally the best way to cook this as I said was
With a washcloth say grab a kitchen towel and clean a cloth
that was nineteenth his land rover
we put it here
to the pardon put zentrum him politics it took him seems lie but it
stick the cloth to him many times
to prevent that from happening
it gets a little olive oil
we place here
we close
boyacá
flame bouquets the sides
omar ramos un ladito
because also this can freeze fire from the kitchen and it went
with him to the club percent
benton a flight on paper end
we tie the other side
they
we do not have to make sure that we are reaching the point of
we closed well and then josé bonus that they increase to flee watching doing very
well living however I have in mind a footprint someone in cooking
I put it like this
and that it was arrived without an
on that web
meanwhile what else are we going to 0 in other elements this recipe is what
I said with some frequency because it is very easy these a silicone mesh
is placed in shape in the mine that his Mexican pair grated
and that parmesan cheese as it is and put on a hat of this temperature
half